There are several different pieces that make up your Kubernetes cluster
that is running in the Oracle Cloud Container Engine.
First are the underlying network resources,
your virtual cloud network, internet gateway,
NAT gateway, route tables, security lists,
and subnets for the nodes that will be running
across multiple availability domains.
You'll also need to decide if your subnets will be public or private,
depending on how you need to access your nodes.
For the Kubernetes cluster itself, the master components are an Oracle tenancy.
This is the part of Kubernetes that is being managed for you by the service.
Finally, the node pool,
the machines that will actually run your containers;
you'll decide the image shape, how many of those,
and where in the network those will run.
To take advantage of this managed Kubernetes service,
we're going to quick create a cluster.
This is the fastest way to stand up a Kubernetes cluster in the
Oracle Cloud Container Engine for Kubernetes.
In order to do this,
you must allow the Oracle Kubernetes engine to create resources for you.
This is done by creating a policy and adding a statement to that policy.
Allow service OKE to manage all-resources in tenancy.
This statement will allow the Oracle Kubernetes Engine to build
up the networking infrastructure that is in your tenancy required to run the Kubernetes cluster.